story recap here
today i'm going to explain a drama
romance film called molena spoilers
ahead watch out and take care renato a
13 year old boy from castellcuto italy
recalls the day eel ducey mussolini
spoke to the nation and announced that
he was declaring war against france and
great britain that same day renato
received his first bike excited renato
rides back to his friends as mussolini's
announcement plays on from speakers
throughout the city when he arrives they
commend his new bike before sitting down
on the side mesmerized as they watch
malena walk down the street melena is
the daughter of their latin teacher
professor bonsignori and as she moves
past them the group speeds away on their
bikes multiple times trying to keep
their eyes on her admiring her beauty
renato stares intensely at her every
chance he gets later on the group of
friends heads to their latin class
renato contemplates the whole day still
in all at malayna's beauty the next day
the group of friends hangs out by a
cliff measuring their manhood as they
talk about melania renato's friend
mentions an encounter he had with malena
annoying ronaldo and prompting him to
tease his friend afterwards renata
skipped school and rides from elena's
house where he daydreams about malena
calling out to him and asking for
cigarettes however his daydream is cut
short as he stares at melania's house
with the doors closed at home his father
is furious at him for skipping school
getting teased by his friends and
getting his pants altered later that
night ronaldo sneaks out of his room and
goes to malana's house again climbing a
tree he peeks through a hole in the
window and looks inside the house
finding melana lying down on a couch
curious he watches malena walk around
listening to the radio before he spots a
photo of her husband nino scordia in a
barber shop the following day the men
inside talk about malena and how she
arrived in their town for nino who's
currently fighting in the war when
renato's number is called he complains
to the barber asking him why he can't
sit at the adult chair of course the
barber simply tells him that he's still
too young after his haircut renato goes
back to melena's house spying on her
with a telescope and watching her as she
drives herself by her garden later on
renato climbs to the window peeking
through a hole to watch her work with
her sewing machine as he watches renato
was surprised to see melena's dress
slightly falling off revealing a part of
her body later on she starts dancing
with a picture of nino while a song
plays in the background until it's time
for her to return to her rome the
following morning renato heads to a
music store and asks for a copy of the
song playing in melania's house once
home he plays the song while looking at
crude photos of women and he imagines
them all as melania as he falls asleep
the next day renato returns to the cliff
he and his friends hung out in and he
tries writing the lane letter there he
professes that he doesn't listen to the
town's gossip and that he's the only man
for her after her husband renato then
rejoins his friends as they race to try
and find molina again then he makes up
an excuse to leave his friends before
catching up to melina when he sees her
the men from the town are watching her
walk along the road the men greet her
but she keeps walking along while
blankly staring at the ground one man
greets her kissing her hand repeatedly
and all the other men watch with
jealousy moving on melana stares at
lieutenant cuddy standing by a balcony
before quickly removing her gaze from
him as she arrives at her destination
renata sees her catching a key for a
door leading to an apartment later on in
laughing class some of the students make
crude jokes about molina disgusting
renato as the students leave renato
watches the students walk down the
stairs to spit on them after this renato
heads to a repair man to fix his bike
and from there he spots molina again
renato could only watch her while the
women in town gossip with each other
sickened by melania's presence one of
the women compares her to gina an escort
in the town melania heads for the
apartment again with renato still
following her he then climbs the gate
nearby to see who malena is seeing
revealing it to be her father later in
the night renato is at home touching
himself as he listens to the song again
thinking of malena all the way the next
day during their morning exercises one
of her natto's friends informs him that
ninoscordia has died in battle later
renato attends a memorial for nino
during the memorial two girls get giddy
as they stare at lieutenant kadey
talking about how handsome he is after
leaving renato returns to professor
bonsignore's apartment and sees molina
in bed crying and grief over the loss of
her husband in renata's imagination he
goes to melania's side comforting and
assuring her that he'll be there for her
before melania hugs him later during
nino's funeral procession melania poses
as the virgin mary looking dreadful
while a very concerned renato watches
her from below after the procession he
overhears some of the town's people
gossiping and slandering melania yet
again angering ronaldo and spurring him
to spit in their drinks and urinate in
their bags renato then leaves for a
church and praise to a saint asking him
to protect molina from the town's people
leaving the theater renato heads out and
he soon spots melania leave a store the
men from the store talk about her
crudely and when renato overhears this
he throws a rock at the store breaking
the window then riding away after that
renato sits close to melania's house and
a battalion of german soldiers walk by
when elena enters her home renato walks
over to her yard and grabs a pair of her
underwear before running back to his
bike to head home back in his room
renato touches himself again holding
elena's underwear close to him and
imagining the two of them together until
he falls asleep the next day renato's
father walks into renato's room and
finds him still asleep with the
underwear draped over his head his
father throws a fit telling hernando
that he's ashamed of him while the rest
of renato's family catches on after
scolding him renata's father locks him
inside his room while ronata's mother
burns the underwear she cries in shame
three days pass and renata's mother is
concerned for her son who hasn't eaten
yet then she complains about how the
fascists treat them the following day a
doctor visits renato to check on him and
he informs his family that he needs to
get out afterwards renato rides his bike
to malana's house again and the streets
are now filled with more people and
vehicles arriving there he sees
lieutenant carey along with other men
staring at melena's house as the day
goes by renato is in the middle of a
report in class when suddenly a man
comes in and hands a letter to professor
bones ignoring in a letter someone wrote
that the professor is dishonored as his
daughter's been sleeping with the whole
town heartbroken the professor leaves
his class and the students are left to
gossip about the letter insulted renato
fights one of the students all while
imagining himself as a gladiator from
elena at night renata returns to
melania's home and finds lieutenant
cuddy inside speaking to her renato is
angered by what he sees especially when
lieutenant cubby kisses malena before
saying goodbye on his way out the
lieutenant bumps into the dentist dr
kusumano the dentist berates him for
pestering malena who he calls his
fiancee kusimoto slaps lieutenant kai
first and though the lieutenant
initially refused to retaliate he fights
back when he gets slapped a second time
the two fight and it isn't long until dr
usuman's wife arrives with the police in
tow she furiously calls her husband an
adulterer and while the police try to
break up the man's fight she goes in
front of melania's house cursing her and
telling her to steal husbands from her
own village instead meanwhile renato can
only watch with an incredulous look on
his face as the police start arresting
the two fools the following day the
townspeople gossip about last night's
incident arguing over who was at fault
many expressed their shock over malena
supposedly having two lovers and they
mentioned that the professors already
quit his teaching position in disgrace
the people also point out that melania
should go to court for luring a married
man renato overhears this as he walks by
then starts looking for melena again
back in her father's apartment molina
tries to unlock the door but the key
doesn't fit renato watching from the
side realizes that the professor has
given up on his daughter and he just
stares at melania with a worried look
later on melania walks to attorney sen
torby's office asking for counsel before
proceeding to court inside the busy
courtroom renato watches while melena is
put to trial the judge proceeds to ask
molina questions about the dentist in
their relationship melania tells the
judge that dr kusimano only visited her
once to give medicine for her father and
that he lied about being her fiance when
the judge asks about lieutenant karahi
malena tells him that their relationship
is no concern of the law however the
judge informs melena that because of the
incident lieutenant kadey was questioned
in a judicial inquiry before being
transferred to albania with that he asks
his clerk to report lieutenant cuda's
statement disappointed melania listens
while the clerk informs everyone that
lieutenant katee had a casual view of
his relationship with molina and he
claims that they were only friends
attorney centaurby then starts speaking
passionately defending the lena and
blaming dr kusimano as he makes a case
that melania's only sin is her beauty
and that she only wants to live a new
life after her loss when the court is
dismissed melania and attorney centaurby
head back to her house and they dance
while ronaldo watches from the window
melena and centor be talked for a while
before century makes his move on her
telling her that the only payment he
wants is melania herself renato watches
in horror as centaurby forces himself on
elena trying to make her love him in an
attempt to get a better view renato
moves to another branch but it breaks
making the boy fall the next day renato
returns to the church and talks to the
saint telling him that he forgives
melania for what she did last night he
then tells the saint that he didn't
protect melana so he breaks the saints
arm to make them even in class renato
continues to think about malena and he
writes a letter to her professing his
love for her and how she doesn't deserve
a man like century renato then imagines
his professor as malena but is cut off
when his professor scolds him for doing
the wrong activity renato storms out of
the class and he pushes a statue making
it fall off and break afterwards renato
is with his family in the tailor while
renato has long pants fit for him his
father listens to the radio where there
are talks of the continuous allied
bombings leaving the tailor renato then
spies on centaurvi who is visiting his
mother renato watches and laughs when
his mother hits him screaming at him in
disapproval of malena after that renata
follows century and finds him together
with a teriyad malena and there they in
their relationship this fills renato
with relief and he goes ahead to the
barber shop after this renato continues
to follow melania while she's being
pestered by men along the streets she
passes through an alley to avoid
attention and all of a sudden she slows
down when ronaldo sees this he thinks
that molina is walking towards him so he
slows down as well to his disappointment
melina walks past him and approaches
antonio a man who gives her food as
renato watches on he suddenly hears loud
engines signaling the arrival of the
allied planes and making renato run to
his bike to escape while the allies
start bombing parts of the town after
the bombing run renato runs to one of
the destroyed buildings where soldiers
pull professor bones ignore his body
shortly after melina together with her
father's students joined the funeral
procession for the professor as he is
put to rest dozens of men line up to
molena offering their condolences renato
lines up as well only to be cut off by
an older man and he eventually moves
away when he sees more men whispering
into melania's ear after the funeral
melania returns home and starts cutting
her hair and washing up while ronaldo
helplessly watches from the door a car
suddenly drives up to melania's house
making renato hide antonio's friend
salvatore exits the car and knocks on
elena's door after greeting him she
welcomes him inside from the hole in the
window renato is in tears as he watches
salvatore immediately force himself on
elena while salvatore pleasures himself
melania stares coldly at the ceiling
leaving ronaldo to storm back home in
his rage the day after more germans
occupy the town while ronaldo walks
along the streets before seeing molina
the site completely transfixes him as
melania now has red hair and she's
wearing reviewing clothes the men around
her look in amazement and the women look
at her with complete disgust while she
makes her way to a table blank-faced
melania gets out a cigarette and all the
men around her offer a lighter renato
watches disappointedly the next morning
renato listens and watches his men
inside the barber shop see elena with
blonde hair now she's with the escort
gina and together they serve the germans
there because of this renato imagines
the atrocities melania and gina do with
the germans in their hotel before
eventually passing out renato's parents
pick him up from the barbershop and they
take him to the church where they have
him exorcised as his mother believes
that he is possessed by the devil
afterwards they take him to a house by
the sea for some rituals outside
renota's father cries in disapproval
believing that renato only needs to
sleep with a woman to kill him of his
foolishness after the rituals renata's
father takes him to a brothel and inside
renato carefully chooses before settling
with a dark-haired escort the two then
move up to a room where they begin
hooking up later on the allies now enter
the town free and castle kudo of german
influence renato celebrates and he
happily rides one of the american jeeps
suddenly a group of women storms a
building and they pull out malena the
women start beating her on the streets
and they tear off her clothes publicly
humiliating her horrified renato
couldn't do a thing as the women cut her
hair and curse her for sleeping with her
husbands once they were done elena is
left helpless and bloodied crying out in
pain and humiliation before the women
cast her out of town
shortly after renato rides to the train
station and sees molina boarding without
ever speaking with a woman he yearns for
the most renata watches leave in a cliff
where he and his friends hang out a
miserable looking renato sits and stares
at the record of the song he first heard
in melania's house and tosses it off the
cliff and into the sea back in town a
car comes to a stop letting a man step
out of it as he walks along the streets
the people recognize him revealing the
man of the ninoscordia mulena's
supposedly dead husband renato follows
nino enter his former home surprised to
find refugees there and that his wife
has disappeared renato continues to
follow nino while he makes his way into
an american office there he relays what
happened to him with renato listening on
nino then desperately asks the americans
to help him find his wife with renato
still telling him nino approaches former
government officials asking if they know
where to find milena the officials just
laugh annoying nino and making him
confront the officials before one of
them slaps nino to the ground and leaves
renato helps broken up nino to his feet
and with that the man returns to his
home sitting by the bed nino is in deep
thought when suddenly renato drops a
letter beside him nina tries to run
after the boy but he eventually reads
the letter where he learns that melania
had always been faithful to him and that
she left for massena with his discovery
nino boards a train to messina while
ronaldo watches time passes and the town
goes on with its usual day renato is
with a girl when everyone suddenly stops
and stares at nino now reunited with his
wife molina and together they returned
to castell kudo the townspeople could
only watch the couple in awe and they
ignore everyone as they head back to
their home afterwards in the market
melania walks and a dozen people stare
at her with everyone making comments as
she moves from store to store two women
stare at her and melena looks back then
greets them they greet her back and
suddenly the people in the market begin
to act normally again going about their
usual business once melania finished
shopping renato comes up on his bike and
he watches the object of his
long-standing fixation walk home on her
journey home some of the tomatoes fall
from her back renato helps her causing
his hand to brush against hers as he
places the tomato back in her bag
finally he speaks to her and wishes her
good luck to this melania nods and walks
away as renato watches her leave he
thinks about how in spite of being with
numerous women the only one he will
always remember is melana subscribe to
watch more videos like this turn on
notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching